c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\WPFLoginForm.exe.config
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\WPFLoginForm.exe
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\WPFLoginForm.pdb
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.g.resources
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.exe
c:\users\ngmpc3\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.pdb
C:\Users\NGMPC3\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\NGMPC3\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\NGMPC3\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
C:\Users\NGMPC3\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\NGMPC3\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\NGMPC3\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\NGMPC3\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\CustomTheme.baml
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\WPFLoginForm.exe.config
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\WPFLoginForm.exe
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\WPFLoginForm.pdb
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\CustomTheme.baml
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.g.resources
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.exe
C:\NGMPC3\Projects\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.pdb
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\WPFLoginForm.exe.config
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\WPFLoginForm.exe
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\WPFLoginForm.pdb
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\CustomTheme.baml
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.g.resources
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.exe
C:\Users\mohamad\Source\Repos\WPF\WPFLoginForm\WPFLoginForm\obj\Debug\WPFLoginForm.pdb
